clustersubnetgroup/README.md, before:

# AWS::Redshift::ClusterSubnetGroup
##Background
This is new uluru resource is planned to replace the native resource in CloudFormation. It is developed following [uluru onboarding guide](https://w.amazon.com/bin/view/AWS21/Design/Uluru/Onboarding_Guide) Please refer to [redshift API](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/redshift/latest/APIReference/Welcome.html) when development.

##Code generate
The RPDK will automatically generate the correct resource model from the schema whenever the project is built via Maven. You can also do this manually with the following command: `cfn generate`.

> Please don't modify files under `target/generated-sources/rpdk`, as they will be automatically overwritten.

The code uses [Lombok](https://projectlombok.org/), and [you may have to install IDE integrations](https://projectlombok.org/setup/overview) to enable auto-complete for Lombok-annotated classes.

##Sam Test
Create two subnets using one VPC first, these can be used to test construct the subnet group.

Commit message:

Fix ClusterSubnetGroup Contract Tests and cfn validate

clustersubnetgroup/README.md, after:

# AWS::Redshift::ClusterSubnetGroup

The code uses [Lombok](https://projectlombok.org/), and [you may have to install IDE integrations](https://projectlombok.org/setup/overview)
to enable auto-complete for Lombok-annotated classes.

## Contract Test

1. Build the package
   ```bash
   mvn clean package
   ```
1. Run the contract test in your local
    1. Initiate a SAM local virtual environment. Type in the following command to your terminal. Note: SAM local command will occupy the
       terminal window.
    ```bash
    sam local start-lambda
    ```
    1. Perform the contract test
    ```bash
    cfn test --enforce-timeout 60
    ```
    1. If you ever want to perform any specific contract test item, use the following command instead.
    ```bash
    cfn test -- -k <Test-Name>
    ```
1. Modify the `overrides.json` to control the contract test input cases if necessary.
1. For more information, please refer
   to [Testing resource types locally using SAM](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation-cli/latest/userguide/resource-type-test.html)
