clustersubnetgroup/docs/README.md, before:

# AWS::Redshift::ClusterSubnetGroup

Specifies an Amazon Redshift subnet group.

## Syntax

To declare this entity in your AWS CloudFormation template, use the following syntax:

### JSON

<pre>
{
    "Type" : "AWS::Redshift::ClusterSubnetGroup",
    "Properties" : {
        "<a href="#description" title="Description">Description</a>" : <i>String</i>,
        "<a href="#subnetids" title="SubnetIds">SubnetIds</a>" : <i>[ String, ... ]</i>,
        "<a href="#tags" title="Tags">Tags</a>" : <i>[ <a href="tags.md">Tags</a>, ... ]</i>,
        "<a href="#subnetgroupname" title="SubnetGroupName">SubnetGroupName</a>" : <i>String</i>
    }
}
</pre>

### YAML

<pre>
Type: AWS::Redshift::ClusterSubnetGroup
Properties:
    <a href="#description" title="Description">Description</a>: <i>String</i>
    <a href="#subnetids" title="SubnetIds">SubnetIds</a>: <i>
      - String</i>
    <a href="#tags" title="Tags">Tags</a>: <i>
      - <a href="tags.md">Tags</a></i>
    <a href="#subnetgroupname" title="SubnetGroupName">SubnetGroupName</a>: <i>String</i>
</pre>

## Properties

#### Description

The description of the parameter group.

_Required_: Yes

_Type_: String

_Update requires_: [No interruption](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/using-cfn-updating-stacks-update-behaviors.html#update-no-interrupt)

#### SubnetIds

The list of VPC subnet IDs

_Required_: Yes

_Type_: List of String

_Update requires_: [No interruption](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/using-cfn-updating-stacks-update-behaviors.html#update-no-interrupt)

#### Tags

The list of tags for the cluster parameter group.

_Required_: No

_Type_: List of <a href="tags.md">Tags</a>

_Update requires_: [No interruption](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/using-cfn-updating-stacks-update-behaviors.html#update-no-interrupt)

#### SubnetGroupName

_Required_: No

_Type_: String

_Update requires_: [No interruption](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/using-cfn-updating-stacks-update-behaviors.html#update-no-interrupt)

## Return Values

### Ref

When you pass the logical ID of this resource to the intrinsic `Ref` function, Ref returns the SubnetGroupName.

Commit message:

rdpk generate new code template, rewrite all the handlers use proxy chaining approach

clustersubnetgroup/docs/README.md, after:

# AWS::Redshift::ClusterSubnetGroup

Specifies an Amazon Redshift subnet group.

## Syntax

To declare this entity in your AWS CloudFormation template, use the following syntax:

### JSON

<pre>
{
    "Type" : "AWS::Redshift::ClusterSubnetGroup",
    "Properties" : {
        "<a href="#description" title="Description">Description</a>" : <i>String</i>,
        "<a href="#subnetids" title="SubnetIds">SubnetIds</a>" : <i>[ String, ... ]</i>,
        "<a href="#tags" title="Tags">Tags</a>" : <i>[ <a href="tags.md">Tags</a>, ... ]</i>,
        "<a href="#subnetgroupname" title="SubnetGroupName">SubnetGroupName</a>" : <i>String</i>
    }
}
</pre>

### YAML

<pre>
Type: AWS::Redshift::ClusterSubnetGroup
Properties:
    <a href="#description" title="Description">Description</a>: <i>String</i>
    <a href="#subnetids" title="SubnetIds">SubnetIds</a>: <i>
      - String</i>
    <a href="#tags" title="Tags">Tags</a>: <i>
      - <a href="tags.md">Tags</a></i>
    <a href="#subnetgroupname" title="SubnetGroupName">SubnetGroupName</a>: <i>String</i>
</pre>

## Properties

#### Description

The description of the parameter group.

_Required_: Yes

_Type_: String

_Update requires_: [No interruption](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/using-cfn-updating-stacks-update-behaviors.html#update-no-interrupt)

#### SubnetIds

The list of VPC subnet IDs

_Required_: Yes

_Type_: List of String

_Update requires_: [No interruption](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/using-cfn-updating-stacks-update-behaviors.html#update-no-interrupt)

#### Tags

The list of tags for the cluster parameter group.

_Required_: No

_Type_: List of <a href="tags.md">Tags</a>

_Update requires_: [No interruption](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/using-cfn-updating-stacks-update-behaviors.html#update-no-interrupt)

#### SubnetGroupName

This name must be unique for all subnet groups that are created by your AWS account. If costumer do not provide it, cloudformation will generate it. Must not be "Default".

_Required_: No

_Type_: String

_Update requires_: [No interruption](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/using-cfn-updating-stacks-update-behaviors.html#update-no-interrupt)

## Return Values

### Ref

When you pass the logical ID of this resource to the intrinsic `Ref` function, Ref returns the SubnetGroupName.
